Vegetable stir fry

1/2 cup Low Sodium Soy Sauce
2 Tablespoons Sherry (or Low-sodium Vegetable Broth)
2 Tablespoons Packed Brown Sugar
2 Tablespoons Cornstarch
2 Tablespoons Sriracha (more Or Less To Taste)
1 Tablespoon Minced Fresh Ginger
3 Tablespoons Peanut Oil
1 whole Yellow Onion, Cut Into Large Chunks
1 whole Red Bell Pepper, Seeded And Cut Into Large Chunks
1 whole Yellow Bell Pepper, Seeded And Cut Into Large Chunks
2 whole Garlic Cloves, Minced
2 whole Medium Zucchini, Cut Into Large Wedges
1 can (15-ounce) Baby Corn, Drained And Halved Crosswise
1 head Broccoli Cut Into Florets
Cooked Noodles Or Rice, For Serving
Sesame Seeds, For Serving

In a bowl, mix together the soy sauce, sherry, brown sugar, cornstarch, sriracha, and ginger. Set aside.
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion and peppers, and stir, cooking for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds to 1 minute more, stirring continuously. Add the zucchini and stir it around, cooking it for 2 minutes more. Add the baby corn and broccoli and cook for a couple of minutes, then, while the veggies are still firm, pour in the sauce. 
Stir the veggies in the sauce, cooking for 1 to 2 minutes more, or until the sauce is very thick. If it needs to be a little saucier, pour in 1/4 to 1/2 cup hot water and splash in a little more soy sauce. Serve over noodles or rice, with a sprinkling of sesame seeds.


Hungarian Beef Goulash
1/4 cup canola oil
1 medium Vidalia onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, peeled
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
1/4 cup Hungarian sweet paprika
2 pounds beef chuck, cut into 1-inch cubes
1 pound new potatoes, cut into 1/2-inch cubes
2 medium carrots, cut into 1/2-inch chunks
2 roma tomatoes, chopped
1 green bell pepper, sliced

Instructions
Buttered egg noodles or whole wheat bread, for serving
Heat the oil in a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the onions and saute until tender, about 6 minutes. Add the garlic and some salt and pepper and saute until fragrant, about 1 minute. Lower the heat (so the paprika won't burn and give a bitter taste or grainy texture in the final dish) and stir in the paprika.
Sprinkle the beef on all sides with salt and pepper. Return the pot to medium-high heat, and add the beef cubes to the pot, turning to cover the beef with the paprika-onion mixture, and cook until browned, about 6 minutes. Add 2 cups cold water, cover with a lid, reduce the heat to medium and stew for 45 minutes.
Remove the lid and add the potatoes, carrots, tomatoes and green peppers, cover and stew until the beef is tender, about 30 minutes more, stirring on occasion. Adjust to taste with salt and pepper.
Serve with buttered noodles or with whole grain bread to sop up the juices.


Beef tenderloin
1 (3-1/2- to 4-pound) center-cut beef tenderloin, trimmed of silver skin and fat
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
2 tablespoons kosher salt
1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper
8 tablespoons unsalted butter (1 stick), at room temperature
2 medium garlic cloves, finely chopped
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves
Butcher’s twine, as needed

Instructions
Heat the oven to 400°F and arrange a rack in the middle. Meanwhile, pat the beef dry with paper towels. (If one end of the beef is noticeably thinner than the other, tuck the thinner end underneath and tie where you tucked with butcher’s twine. This will help it cook more evenly.) Using your hands, rub the tenderloin all over with the oil, sprinkle with the salt and pepper, and rub until evenly coated; set aside.
Heat a large frying pan over medium-high heat until just starting to smoke. Place the beef in the pan and sear, turning occasionally, until golden brown all over, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a 13-by-9-inch baking dish and set aside until the surface of the beef is no longer hot, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, make the butter mixture.
Place the butter, garlic, rosemary, and thyme in a medium bowl and smash with the back of a spoon or a rubber spatula until evenly combined. When the beef is ready, evenly rub the butter mixture on the top and sides of the tenderloin.
Roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the beef registers 120°F to 125°F for rare or 125°F to 135°F for medium rare, about 25 to 35 minutes.
5Transfer the beef to a cutting board and tent it loosely with foil. Let it rest at least 20 minutes before slicing.